SMILE GENERAL SERVICES
-Chi…
-Get in.
-Not good. Let's hold them off.
-Yui!
Rio!
Vehicle license plate number
Yokohama, number 301…
One, seven,
two, three…
Are you okay, Mr. Uozumi?
Mr. Uozumi!
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25TH, 2023
Both the number plate and vehicle match.
A mobile phone seems to have
been left inside the vehicle.
Please call the head investigator
and forensics to the scene.
I'm sorry for going off
on my own.
We couldn't predict it either.
Um…
How's Mr. Uozumi?
It's possible you have
a pseudo brain tumor.
Excuse me?
Your headaches and constricted vision
are symptoms due to that.
It will get worse if not treated properly.
No…
However,
we don't know the cause.
-We'd like to continue running tests--
-No, I'm fine.
I don't feel any pain now.
I can see perfectly too.
Is it because I slept well?
I feel better than usual.
It's not that simple.
Well, I understand you're busy with work
and will be discharged soon,
but are there any days this week
you can come in for an outpatient visit?
We found a wiretap in your home.
Likely during your move by him.
May I take a look at your plumbing?
Go ahead.
Please sign here.
-Thank you very much for your help.
-Thank you.
He must've listened in on your call
with Rio Ozaki.
Does this man, Kinari Tanaka,
or the woman in the car ring any bells?
No…
I'm sorry, I don't know who they are.
That night,
I think Rio Ozaki
was going to tell me about the case.
So why…?
Why did she get in the car herself?
She could have been threatened
or even brainwashed.
If I could remember more about her,
maybe I can figure out where she is.
It's dangerous for you to get involved.
Those people might've been
the ones who killed Naoki, right?
Call me.
I have something important to tell you.
Pick up!
SIS
Sorry, but I'm busy now.
You're not feeling well, are you?
Geez, you sound scary. I'm fine.
I just have a headache.
That's because the ghost is killing you.
-Huh?
-It was written by our ancestors.
If you stay close to a ghost
you'll get weaker and weaker.
But, why?
You see ghosts and you're fine.
You have too much empathy.
Empathy?
And? That's making me sick?
That's why you couldn't
see spirits until now.
Our ancestors must've been protecting you
from coming in contact with them.
Anyways, I feel bad for Naoki,
but you have to stay away from him!
-I'll be fine.
-It's written that you'll eventually die!
No way.
-There's no way that'll happen.
-Mr. Uozumi?
-Sorry, talk to you later.
-Wait!
-Are you feeling okay?
-Yes, I'm fine.
More importantly,
-I wanted to apologize.
-Huh?
In that critical moment,
when I almost had the culprits.
I'm sorry I let them escape.
We're the ones who've been asking
a lot from you.
I'm glad you're safe.
Well, um…
it's for the investigation.
-Are you going to work now?
-Yes.
Before I go,
-Naoki was there yesterday, right?
-Yeah.
I haven't gotten a response
from him since then.
He's not here.
Maybe?!
It's ready.
The house hasn't changed a bit,
don't you think?
Here you go.
I feel like I'm being spied on.
Why don't you come over here?
Mr. Seijiro Ishioka.
He's a lovely man, isn't he?
An honest worker and a family man.
But you can't just leave people
like him alone.
Maybe you've met him before?
Seijiro's son.
He's a good customer.
He's young, but he's well-connected.
He's introduced me to people
of various circles.
-Did you get close to him on purpose?
-It was by chance.
After all, it's the world
of adult hobbies.
-It is small.
-Hobby?
That's not what it is!
You're right.
It's an impulse.
It's an impulse that must be suppressed,
but can't be.
-Or could it be love?
-It's not!
That is not what you call love!
-We're home.
-Welcome back. Everyone's here?
Hey Chi, it was super cold out today.
-So cold.
-That's cold! Go wash your hands.
-Let's have tea together.
-Okay.
They're good girls, right?
I remember you all as kids.
Suzuka was cute too.
Like a clinging puppy.
The young lady who we saw yesterday,
she also
hasn't changed a bit.
Stop it already!
That's up to you,
Rio.
At a former factory site
in Tsukimura City, Yamanashi Prefecture
we found the abandoned getaway vehicle
with a fake license plate.
The theft was reported by the owner.
There were no security cameras,
or any footage from
the Vehicle Recognition System.
So we're unable to trace them.
We believe the prepaid
cell phone found in the car
was used by Rio Ozaki.
Suzuka Takahara made a cash payment of
3 million yen a month before her murder.
The fact that Kinari Tanaka
was there the day before,
suggests he is the likely source
of the money.
From the amount of money being moved--
The five million is cash too.
Maybe these lurkers are going to
start up something.
31 Takiharadai, Yokosuka City,
a brick wall house.
Let's look for the suspect
and track the money flow.
Roger.
Tell them.
Rio and Kinari Tanaka are there too.
No…
No way.
-What's wrong?
-Please don't mind me.
-I'll tell the police.
-No.
It's impossible for you
to testify to what Naoki saw today.
You need to somehow step in.
How can you know where
the killer is and do nothing?
The police must follow procedures
in accordance with the law.
We can't just say that our ghost friend
told us this information, right?
Then, I could say that
Rio told me on the phone, or something.
She had a photo of Yui.
-The woman at the house.
-What?
The woman thought to be the prime suspect
had a photo of you.
-Huh?
-Anyways.
It's too dangerous for Yui to be involved.
He says it's too dangerous for you
to be involved. He's worried.
Yeah.
I understand.
But…
Like you said before,
there's a high possibility
that those girls are involved
in a crime, right?
Most likely.
If that's the case,
If I left things as they are
and did nothing
even though I knew about it,
I couldn't live with myself.
Naoki must've found out too.
So,
he tried to do something about it.
And he got killed…
I heard this cram school is open
24 hours a day.
-It must be difficult for you.
-No, not at all.
It's good for children to have a place
other than home where they can feel safe.
I've heard about the school board.
-It's been asking for your opinion too.
-No.
We were just making small talk.
From now on, for the children..
-Thank you.
-It was a pleasure meeting you.
-Excuse me.
He's here now? Naoki's here?
Where?
Where is he?
Please listen.
That's scary.
Sorry.
-That was Naoki whistling?
-Yes.
I can hear it. He's here.
He's here, right?
This means, he's really here.
Yes, he is.
Naoki, you jerk.
I…
I went to your funeral.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
Twenty years ago?
Something from so long ago
is related to the case?
Do you remember anything from that time?
There are a lot of things I remember.
-Huh?
-I was pretty bad back then.
A lot of adults did bad things
to people like me.
Maybe, Rio was involved
with people like that.
Rio…
had five million yen back then.
Is that so.
That's not an amount for a child to have.
Once you get involved, you can't escape.
I also…
was on that side once.
But I had Masaru.
I was lucky.
Maybe,
I was too.
-Give it to me.
-No! You can have these ones.
No! I want the grape ones.
Hey, don't fight.
It says "Let's share with everyone,"
doesn't it?
Right? Okay.
Here.
-Here.
-Thanks.
Hey, Naoki.
Stay here forever.
-Huh?
-You…
You have to stay by Yui's side.
We could keep the shop as it is.
The two of you could run it.
Just like Masaru and Mikiko.
How about it?
I apologize for coming here so suddenly.
I'm Uozumi from the
Kanagawa Prefecture Sakihama police.
There's been a lot of burglaries in
Takiharadai, so we're patrolling the area.
-Oh my, is that so?
-Yes.
These days, burglars don't touch anything
except for money and valuable goods
in order to delay
the discovery of the crime.
Therefore, the residents
sometimes don't notice the damage.
-I see.
-Sometimes…
Windows are broken,
or the lock on the back door
may have been destroyed.
May I take a quick look?
Yes, of course.
-It's scary, isn't it?
-Yes.
Situations like this are dangerous too.
Disguised as a police officer,
they force their way into your home.
So do you have a husband or
any male family members living here?
Actually, I live alone.
Oh, you should never tell
them you live alone.
Come in, take a look.
It makes me feel safer.
Yes, of course.
Please, excuse me.
How is it?
It seems fine.
Everything looks okay.
-Thank goodness.
-I'll be off now.
Excuse me.
Can I have your business card?
Oh, sorry about that.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Uozumi.
Don't come over here.
"Here."
What did she mean by that?
Hello?
Sorry, are you with Naoki right now?
Yes, I think so.
-Can he listen to this call?
-Sure.
Naoki, it's Mr. Uozumi.
He wants you to listen as well.
Okay.
I came to the house in Takiharadai
and also checked inside,
but there's only a woman living alone.
Rio Ozaki and Kinari Tanaka weren't there.
Neither were the girls.
No way. I saw them.
Where is Rio?
I got a complaint
from the Takihara police.
There was no call to the precinct.
No warrant.
-You can't just go into a house.
-I wanted evidence.
-I thought I could find it that way.
-But there was nothing.
And she's not someone to mess with.
-This Chiyo Mutou is a local celebrity.
-Sorry.
But I really saw and heard them.
I don't know who told you what.
-I apologize.
-Why don't you lay low for a while?
First, write a letter of apology
and apologize to the Chief.
-Got it?
-Yes, Sir.
So, what was it that I saw?
An illusion?
-Huh?
-Who are you?
It's tough, isn't it?
You know it, but can't do anything.
No one will believe what you saw
with your own two eyes.
-You're…
-What? You're a ghost?
I've been in plain sight, haven't I?
Another ghost showed up!
Please hear our prayer
For health and longevity
Not much has changed.
The number doesn't matter?
Then what?
Thank you.
I'm Yayoi Harada.
I'm sorry to bother you
when you have enough trouble.
I have a favor to ask.
There's something I'd like to tell
Yui's friend, Ha Young.
-What's your problem?
-No, it's nothing.
So,
Ms. Harada has something
she'd like you to tell Ha Young.
I see.
I went to Seoul often for work.
About a year ago,
I died in a car accident.
It seems I had a brain hemorrhage
while I was driving
and hit an incoming car.
That was Ha Young's husband's car.
Because of this, Woo Jin passed away.
Um…
Well…
You can just summarize it.
It seems Ms. Harada
was involved in a car accident
which killed Ha Young's husband.
What?
After knowing the situation,
I wanted to apologize for what happened.
Woo Jin was able to properly pass on.
So I apologized to his family
through someone like Mr. Uozumi.
But,
I couldn't apologize to Ha Young.
I only recently heard that she was
studying abroad in Japan,
so I came back here.
You look incredibly similar to Woo Jin.
-I was surprised.
-Me?
To Ha Young's husband? Is that true?
-That you and her husband look similar?
-Yes.
That's what I was told.
That must be why she looked so surprised.
I was able to say goodbye to my family.
My only regret is that I couldn't
apologize to Ha Young.
If I do this, I probably
will be able to pass on.
She feels if she apologizes to Ha Young,
she can pass on.
So when you
don't have any more regrets,
you'll pass on?
I'm not sure, but it could
be a ghost's instinct?
Something like that?
She said it's a ghost's instinct.
I see.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Did I say something weird?
No.
I learned something important!
We need to talk!
Answer your phone and get away from Naoki!
What is she talking about?
I can't right now.
-I'm fine. I don't even have a headache.
-That's because…
I'm praying for you!
Please hear our prayer
For health and longevity
Sorry, dear.
-I'll be back soon.
-What?
Hey! You've been a big help
with taking care of my kids.
-Sorry!
-No, it's not that.
Can you tell Yuzuru
to stay away from Naoki?
It'll be really bad if those two
get any closer.
Huh? But I've been here.
-Hanging around your kids like this.
-You're fine.
Your presence is pretty weak.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27TH, 2023
Next.
If the girls in the house had
a previous history
there should be a record of it.
No. Next.
-This is hard on the eyes.
-Right?
Oh, no.
You two seem close.
-Even though he's my buddy.
-Ma? Why--
We need to talk.
-It'll just be a minute.
-Huh?
-What is it--
-Sorry, not you.
You're fine. You.
Huh, me?
I have an inquiry
from the Child Welfare Department.
-May I have a look?
-Yes, go ahead.
So,
you heard from your sis, right?
Yes, but I'm completely fine.
It's because your sister
and the head priest are working hard.
You're a ghost too, right?
I'm standing so close to you.
See? No problem.
We don't have the right chemistry.
-The problem is Naoki.
-Huh?
Yuzuru and Naoki's compatibility
is perfect.
It's dangerous to meet a ghost like that.
A guy like Yuzuru can be taken over.
That's what makes Naoki so dangerous.
What do you mean
our compatibility is perfect?
Okay, I won't let him take over
my body anymore.
What? You've already been taken over?
Listen. Three times.
-If you do it three times, you're out.
-Huh?
"Huh," what?
It's already happened twice.
This is Check Mate!
-This is seriously bad.
-It's fine.
I'm being careful.
I have to solve his case.
-His case?
-You don't know?
I found her.
Huh? Really?
-Um, uh…
-Go back.
Go back one page.
Your sister will be mad at me!
This girl was at the house.
I'll search her location.
Can I get this girl's info--
-Okay.
-I told you to stay away!
Naoki, you stay away from him then.
-What are you doing?
-Distance!
Ma-san, what's your problem?
-This girl--
-Too close! Break it up!
-Break it up!
-Enough! We get it already!
It's okay.
I'm not scared.
That helps a lot.
MUTOU
Why?
TEMPORARILY CLOSED
I am truly
sorry.
She said, "I am truly sorry,"
and has her head bowed down.
I was okay with myself dying,
but I never wanted
someone else to die because of me.
I am so,
so sorry.
"I was okay with myself dying,
but I never wanted
someone else to die because of me.
I am so, so sorry."
What you're saying is confusing me.
Huh?
Excuse me.
Um…
Wait…
Are you alright?
Do I…
have to forgive her?
I know that the accident
was caused by her illness
and Ms. Harada passed away from it.
I feel like I'm supposed to forgive her.
But…
Why on that day,
at that time,
why did you choose to go down that road?
Why did you hit Woo Jin's car?
I'm sorry.
It's not about apologizing.
Nor is it about forgiveness.
I'm sorry.
I can't…
forgive you.
That's right.
I was apologizing
and asking for forgiveness
for my own convenience.
I'm sorry.
I need to go to work.
And Mr. Uozumi?
Please come for an exam.
Exam?
YOKOHAMA UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
Even if medical science can't
explain what's happening,
there's nothing to worry about.
My physical condition
seems to be affected by ghosts.
No, I'm kidding.
In any case,
please continue testing and treatment.
I…
want you to be well.
I'm fine.
Death is a sad thing.
Ghosts aren't the only ones
with regrets.
I had
so many
things I wanted to tell him.
But I can't tell them to him anymore.
Even as a ghost,
I wish he would come see me.
I want to see Woo Jin.
I beg you.
Please stay away
from Yuzuru.
I'm sorry to say it so bluntly.
But,
he truly might die
because of his kind soul.
I'm sorry.
-I had no idea.
-It's okay.
It's not good to be too close,
but it's even more dangerous
for him to be possessed.
So, I can't help but worry.
I'm sorry.
I won't…
get close to him.
Thank you.
Saying this to the two of you makes me
feel terrible.
It's selfish of me.
I think…
everyone's the same.
We all have someone who's important to us.
It's cruel
when you think about it.
It's a matter of putting one person
above someone else, right?
I'm sorry about this.
To me,
Yuzuru is important.
KANAGAWA SAKIHAMA POLICE STATION
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28TH, 2023
Is something wrong?
-Sorry for bothering you so early.
-What is it?
Yesterday,
-I spoke with your sister.
-Huh? Okay…
And…
I'm sorry for saying this.
-After everything you've done for us.
-Um…
-Well, about that--
-Please don't see Naoki.
Please don't come to my house either.
What?
Excuse me for being rude.
But I don't want something bad to happen.
-And not be undone.
-Please wait.
-I--
-We--
We are truly
grateful to you.
Well,
it was fun.
CONSULTING ROOM
Thank you
for everything.
I should get going.
It's for the best, right?
CONSULTING ROOM
What the hell?
I'm cold.
I'll leave it to you.
MUTOU
LOOK FOR PHONE
RIKA, MARIN, HIYORI, KOKOA
RIKA YAMAZAKI
NAKA DISTRICT, YOKOHAMA, KANAGAWA
MIELE BEAUTY SALON
How are we going to talk now?
Should I ask his sister to help us
when we need to talk?
I guess.
That girl…
Yui!
What is it?
Excuse me.
The store is closed today.
If you'd like, you can make a reservation…
Does a person named Yui Soma work here?
That's me.
Rio Ozaki told me to come to you.
Please help me.
It's going to be alright.
Let's go inside for now.
Let's go inside.
I can't go to the police.
If I do, they said they'd kill me.
Is there somewhere safe?
They know where I live.
-We can't go there.
-Let's call Uozumi.
Is there somewhere you feel safe to go to
where someone is around during the day?
My grandma's house.
I want to go there.
Okay.
Let's go together.
I'll go to the police.
FAMIE APARTMENTS
Thank you very much.
Yui, call the police.
This is the police. Are you reporting
a crime or an accident?
I'd like to speak with somebody
regarding a murder case.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in Ogawa Town, Kimihara City.
Where's the nearest police station?
Yui, hurry and go where there's people.
Yes.
I got it. I'll head there now.
Yui.
Yui!
Stop!
Someone!
4:46 P.M.
You're arrested on suspicion
of attempted murder.
Get up.
Are you alright?
I'm sorry.
You're not hurt anywhere?
You're safe now.
Yes.
You're safe.
This is the home of the grandmother
of the girl we think is involved
in the case.
The Child Welfare Department has
visited the home before.
Yes, goodbye.
Thank you.
It's nothing.
Thank you very much.
I'm glad you're safe.
But…
I'm sorry.
I wanted to help that girl.
I know that but…
I wanted to protect her.
There's
one thing I'd like to confirm.
Twenty years ago,
were you ever a victim like these girls?
Not at all.
That's why I felt I had to help.
What did Rio mean
by "here"?
I could have gone down that path too.
That girl and…
Rio…
What's the difference
between me and them?
That's…
It's the same with me and Naoki.
There's no difference between us.
Yet,
only I get to live.
Is being safe a crime?
I'm always…
just left here.
That’s enough.
Don't feel ashamed and be happy!
Tell her.
Say it yourself.
Huh?
Take over my body
and tell her such soulful words yourself.
Don't say that so easily.
It's okay.
You don't have to tell me.
Huh?
I know everything
Naoki says.
Sorry.
Thank you.
FREE TO TAKE AND EAT
GRAPE GUMMIES
Hey ghost, wait up!
If I get close to you, won't you die?
What if they're messing around?
-Woo Jin?
-Some have come back to life.
They take over someone's body.
Yui, want to go to Masaru's?
Just forget about it.
There's nothing to fear.
-I want to disappear.
-You can disappear.